README.md, before:

# Image Uploader App

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) app built using TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Ant Design. It allows users to upload, search, rename, and delete images. Images are stored using a mock API (via `json-server`).

---

## 🕒 Time to Complete

**Approximate time spent:** ~9.5 hours  
**Tech stack:** Next.js App Router, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ant Design, json-server

---

## 📌 What’s Included

✅ Upload one or multiple images  
✅ Drag & drop image upload with preview  
✅ Filter/search images by name with debounce  
✅ Rename and delete image functionality  
✅ Empty state UX for no images  
✅ Responsive image grid layout  
✅ Modal confirmation before destructive actions  
✅ Local image persistence via `json-server`

---

## 🛠️ Improvements (if given more time)

- Add rename modal with inline editing
- Add image tags/categories and filtering
- Persist search state to URL/query string
- Improve image compression before upload
- Add automated tests (unit + integration)
- Accessibility improvements
- Drag-to-reorder support or folders
- Real backend integration with authentication

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Start App

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 3. Start Server

```bash
npm start server
```

### 4. Start both together

```bash
npm run start:server
```

Commit message:

adding new images to the db.json file, fixed small typo issue with imageGrid component

README.md, after:

# Image Uploader App

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) app built using TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Ant Design. It allows users to upload, search, rename, and delete images. Images are stored using a mock API (via `json-server`).

---

## Time to Complete

**Approximate time spent:** ~11.5 hours  
**Tech stack:** Next.js App Router, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ant Design, json-server

---

## What’s Included

✅ Upload one or multiple images  
✅ Drag & drop image upload with preview  
✅ Filter/search images by name with debounce  
✅ Rename and delete image functionality  
✅ Empty state UX for no images  
✅ Responsive image grid layout  
✅ Modal confirmation before destructive actions  
✅ Local image persistence via `json-server`

---

## Improvements (if given more time)

- Add rename modal with inline editing
- Add image tags/categories and filtering
- Persist search state to URL/query string
- Improve image compression before upload
- Add automated tests (unit + integration)
- Accessibility improvements
- Drag-to-reorder support or folders
- Real backend integration with authentication

---

## ScreenShots (Images)

![Onload Image](image.png)
![Searching for an Image](image-1.png)
![Deleting an Image](image-2.png)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 2. Start App

```bash
npm run dev
```

### 3. Start Server

```bash
npm start server
```

### 4. Start both together

```bash
npm run start:server
```
